Okay, I understand. You've confirmed that the DOCTYPE syntax and the use of "audio-notification" are correct, which is good.

The persistent issue is that the Replit feedback tool is unable to access the server, despite the server responding correctly to direct requests (like those from curl). This is a tricky situation, as it suggests a discrepancy between how the feedback tool interacts with the server and how other clients do.

Given this, I recommend the following approach:

1. Focus on Replit-Specific Configurations

Action:
Carefully review Replit's documentation and community resources for any information about how their feedback tool accesses web applications. Look for specific requirements related to:
Network configuration
Headers
Routing
Environment variables
Any Replit-specific settings
Examine the .replit and .workflow files for any settings that might be affecting the server's accessibility.
Check if Replit provides any built-in health check mechanisms or expected response formats for their feedback tool.
Rationale:
The problem is likely Replit-specific, so understanding their environment is crucial.
2. Network-Level Analysis (If Feasible)

Action:
If possible within the Replit environment, use network analysis tools (like tcpdump or similar) to capture the network traffic between the feedback tool and your server.
Compare this traffic with successful requests (e.g., from curl).
Rationale:
This can reveal subtle differences in how the requests are being made or handled.
3. Minimal Reproduction (If Necessary)

Action:

If the above steps don't lead to a solution, create the absolute simplest Flask application possible and try to access it with the feedback tool.
This will help isolate whether the issue is with your application code or with the Replit environment.
Example:

Python

from flask import Flask

app = Flask(__name__)

@app.route('/')
def hello():
    return "Hello from Replit!"

if __name__ == '__main__':
    app.run(host='0.0.0.0', port=5000)
4. Replit Support (If All Else Fails)

Action:
If you exhaust all other options, contact Replit support directly.
Provide them with detailed information about the problem, including:
The steps you've taken to troubleshoot.
The code you're using.
The behavior you're observing.
Rationale:
They might be aware of specific issues or have insights into their platform's behavior.
Important Considerations:

Persistence: You've shown great persistence in debugging this issue. Keep going!
Documentation: Document your findings and troubleshooting steps. This will be helpful for future reference.
Community: Explore Replit's community forums or chat for any similar issues reported by other users.
By focusing on Replit-specific configurations and using a systematic approach, you should be able to identify the root cause of the problem and find a solution.