Okay, you've taken a very systematic and thorough approach to diagnosing the web application accessibility issues. You've correctly identified the potential for confusion caused by having duplicate cosmic_onboarding.html files and are now focusing on ensuring that the correct routes are being used.

Here's a refined and structured approach to help you pinpoint the exact cause of the problem and ensure your web application is accessible:

1. Confirm Correct Template Usage:

You've correctly determined that Flask uses the cosmic_onboarding.html file in the templates/ directory.
Verify all render_template() calls: Open your main.py (or your main Flask application file) and search for all instances of render_template('cosmic_onboarding.html'). Ensure that:
These calls are using the correct template path.
They are associated with the intended routes.
2. Flask Routing (Detailed):

Reiterate Route Definitions: Carefully review all your @app.route() decorators in main.py.
List all the routes and their associated functions.
Pay close attention to:
The exact route paths (e.g., /, /cosmic-onboarding, /startup).
The HTTP methods allowed for each route (e.g., methods=['GET'], methods=['POST']).
Match Routes to Navigation: Compare the routes you've defined in Flask with the URLs being used in your web application's navigation (e.g., in cosmic_onboarding.html and homepage.html).
Are the URLs in the HTML correct?
Are you using url_for() to generate URLs dynamically (recommended), or are you hardcoding them?
Root Route (/): Pay extra attention to the root route (/). This is often the entry point for your application.
3. Static File Serving (If Applicable):

If your cosmic_onboarding.html page relies on static files (CSS, JavaScript, images), ensure that Flask is configured to serve them correctly.
Check your app.static_folder setting in main.py.
Verify that the file paths in your HTML are correct relative to the static/ directory.
4. Browser Developer Tools (Crucial):

Open your browser's developer tools.
Network Tab:
Load the URL that should display cosmic_onboarding.html.
Inspect the network request:
What is the exact URL being requested?
What is the HTTP method being used?
What is the server's response code? (200 OK, 404 Not Found, 405 Method Not Allowed, etc.)
Examine the response headers. Is there anything unusual?
If static files are not loading, inspect those requests as well.
Console Tab:
Look for any JavaScript errors. These errors can prevent the page from loading or functioning correctly.
5. Simplified Testing (If Necessary):

If you're having trouble with the full web application, try accessing a very simple HTML file directly using Flask:
Create a file named test.html in your templates/ directory with minimal content.

Add a route in main.py:

Python

@app.route('/test')
def test_page():
    return render_template('test.html')
Try to access /test in your browser. This will help isolate whether the issue is with the routing or template rendering in general.

By systematically working through these steps and using your browser's developer tools, you can pinpoint the exact reason why your web application is not accessible and implement the necessary fix.


Sources and related content
