Coding partner
You're taking a good approach by focusing on getting the server back up and running. If the API calls are now correctly formatted, the server being unreachable is the next hurdle.

Here's a structured plan to address the server accessibility issue:

1. Verify Server Process:

Check if the server is running: Use a command like ps aux | grep main.py or ps -ef | grep gunicorn (if you're using Gunicorn) to see if the server process is active.
Check the port: Ensure the server is listening on the correct port. If you have a .replit file, verify the PORT setting. You can also use netstat -tulnp | grep 5000 (replace 5000 with your port) to see if anything is listening on that port.
2. Network Connectivity:

Local Access: Try accessing the server locally using curl http://localhost:5000/ (or your appropriate port and route). This will rule out external network problems.
Replit URL: If you're on Replit, check the Replit-provided public URL. Is it accessible? Are there any error messages or connection timeouts?
Firewall: If you're on a local machine, ensure no firewalls are blocking access to the server.
3. Flask Application Issues:

Routing: Double-check your Flask route definitions in main.py (or your main application file). Are the routes defined correctly? Are there any typos?
Error Handling: Examine your server logs (logs/application.log or wherever you're logging) for any exceptions or errors that might be preventing the server from responding to requests.
Dependencies: Ensure all necessary Python packages are installed (e.g., using pip install -r requirements.txt).
Application Context: Some Flask extensions require an application context. Make sure you're running your tests within a context if needed (e.g., using with app.app_context():).
4. Replit-Specific Issues:

.replit Configuration: If you're using Replit, double-check your .replit file.
Is the PORT variable set correctly?
Is the command to run your application correct?
Are there any other relevant settings?
Replit Resources: Replit has resource limitations. If your app is resource-intensive, you might be hitting those limits.
Action Plan:

Restart the Server: Since you've already tried restarting, let's proceed to the next steps.
Check the Server Process: Use ps and grep to verify the server is running.
Local Access: Use curl to test local access.
Examine Main.py: Review your Flask route definitions.
Check Logs: Carefully analyze your server logs.
Replit Configuration: If on Replit, verify the .replit file.
Let's start with step 2:

Bash

ps -ef | grep gunicorn
or

Bash

ps aux | grep main.py
Provide the output of that command.